Geocoding readme improvements (#57)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unity-samples: samples_project/Assets/SampleViewer/Samples/Geocoding/readme.md

> # Find places or search for an address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Geocoding and reverse geocoding
```

Author: We better have the top two bold titles as much as possible because many of the required tutorials are covered by samples in GE.
https://docs.afd.geocloud.com/doc-authors/tutorials/names-and-descriptions/#geocoding-and-search

Reviewer: so which one do you intend to use? `Find places or search for an address`?

Author: yeap, because we have both in one sample. At least that's my idea.

Reviewer: why not using geocoding and reverse geocoding?

> 

Reviewer: I think we can just use "Geocoding" here since it is a verb, and geocoding is a common terminology, it's kind of strange to not use terminology as a GIS company

Find the location for an address or find the address of a selected location using the Geocoding service. 

![Geocoding](Geocoding.jpg)

## How to use the sample

> This sample demonstrates the capability of the [Geocoding service](https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/mapping-apis-and-services/search/geocoding/) inside Unity. You can make two kinds of operations with this sample, find a place and find an address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates the capability of the [Geocoding service](https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/mapping-apis-and-services/search/geocoding/) inside Unity. You can perform two kinds of operations with this sample, find a place and find an address. 
```

> This sample demonstrates the capability of the [Geocoding service](https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/mapping-apis-and-services/search/geocoding/) inside Unity. You can make two kinds of operations with this sample, find a place and find an address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates incorporating the [Geocoding service](https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/mapping-apis-and-services/search/geocoding/) inside Unity. You can perform both geocoding and reverse geocoding in this sample. 
```

Reviewer: changed this since the original sentence sounds like unity has geocoding service

Reviewer: the reason I changed operate to perform is because "operate" is usually used in a hardware system such as machines or surgery. We shouldn't be using this word across our doc

Author: See the UE PR review comment response about where "operate" came from.

Reviewer: ok, reads a bit strange but this is also kind of nitpicking so I'm ok with what you have there

1. Open the **Geocoding** scene.
2. Click on the **ArcGISMap** game object in the **Hierarchy** window.
3. Set your API key in the **Inspector** window.
4. Click play.
5. To find a place, put a place name or address in the search bar and press Enter. For information about the type of locations that are supported by the Geocoding service, see the [ArcGIS REST APIs documentation](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-find-address-candidates.htm).
6. To find an address of a place, drop the marker to your point of interest by clicking in the viewport while holding Shift, and you will see the address displayed above the marker.

> **Note:** This sample is only set up to work with a mouse and keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This sample is only set up to work with a mouse and a keyboard.
```

> **Note:** This sample is only set up to work with a mouse and keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This sample is only set up to work with mouse and keyboard.
```

## How it works

> 1. Have a map with the mesh colliders enabled in the scene and a child game object to attach geocoding script under the game object that has the **ArcGIS Map** component attached. 

Author: The script is attached to the child game object under the ArcGIS Map in Hierarchy.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53481408/208922170-d3e68d3f-eb00-4014-8bec-6a9664f37364.png)
Maybe it's better to split this line into two?
1. Have an ArcGIS Map with the mesh colliders enabled in the scene
2. Create a child game object under the ArcGIS Map and attach the geocoding script.

> 1. Have a map with the mesh colliders enabled in the scene and a child game object to attach geocoding script under the game object that has the **ArcGIS Map** component attached. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Have an ArcGIS Map with the mesh colliders enabled in the scene
2. Create a child game object under the ArcGIS Map and attach the geocoding script.
```

> 1. Have a map with the mesh colliders enabled in the scene and a child game object to attach geocoding operation script under the game object that has the **ArcGIS Map** component attached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Have a map with the mesh colliders enabled in the scene and a child game object to attach geocoding operation script to the game object that has the **ArcGIS Map** component attached. 
```
```suggestion
1. Have a map with the mesh colliders enabled in the scene and a child game object to attach geocoding script under the game object that has the **ArcGIS Map** component attached. 
```

3. The HTTPClient is used to query the [Geocoding service](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/overview-world-geocoding-service.htm).

> 4. The [`findAddressCandidates`](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-find-address-candidates.htm) operation is used for finding a place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The [`findAddressCandidates`](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-find-address-candidates.htm) API is used for finding a place.
```

Author: See the UE review response.

> 5. The [`reverseGeocode`](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-reverse-geocode.htm) operation is used for finding an address. The marker should have the [**ArcGIS Location**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/location-component/) component attached and its values will be used to query the address of the location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The [`reverseGeocode`](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-reverse-geocode.htm) API is used for finding an address. The marker should have the [**ArcGIS Location**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/location-component/) component attached and its values will be used to query the address of the location.
```

Author: See the UE review response.

> 6. Use the game engine's [raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html) feature to determine the height at the queried location to account for elevation to place the marker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Place a marker using the game engine's [raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html) feature to account for elevation at the queried position.
```
